chore(docs): add external provisioner configuration for prebuilds (#20305)
coder/coder: docs/admin/templates/extending-templates/prebuilt-workspaces.md

has [`ForceNew`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/main/internal/service/ec2/ec2_instance.go#L75-L81) set,
since the AMI cannot be changed in-place._

### Preventing prebuild queue contention (recommended)

The section [Managing prebuild provisioning queues](#managing-prebuild-provisioning-queues) covers how to recover when prebuilds have already overwhelmed the provisioner queue.
This section outlines a **best-practice configuration** to prevent that situation by isolating prebuild jobs to a dedicated provisioner pool.
This setup is optional and requires minor template changes.

> Coder supports [external provisioners and provisioner tags](../../provisioners/index.md), allowing to route jobs to provisioners with matching tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coder supports [external provisioners and provisioner tags](../../provisioners/index.md), which allows you to route jobs to provisioners with matching tags.
```

By creating external provisioners with a special tag (e.g., `is_prebuild=true`) and updating the template to conditionally add that tag for prebuild jobs,
all prebuild work is handled by the prebuild pool.
This keeps other provisioners available to handle user-initiated jobs.

#### Setup

> 1) Create a provisioner key with a prebuild tag (e.g., `is_prebuild=true`).

Author: > How does this tag interact with other tags?

It depends on the tags that the user has defined in their template. I didn’t go into much detail here because that could make it harder to understand. Basically, the provisioner key needs to include all the tags already specified in the template, plus this new one.

> Would I need to add a new provisioner key for each of these sets but with the is_prebuild flag included?

In your example, if you want to update your provisioners deployed in AWS and GKE, you would need to create 2 new provisioner key with those same tags and the additional `is_prebuild` tag. 

For instance, in the dogfood template we already have two static tags: 
```
data "coder_workspace_tags" "tags" {
  tags = {
    "cluster" = "dogfood-v2"
    "env"     = "gke"
  }
}
```
For the provisioners to handle prebuild jobs for this template, the key must be created with: `--tag cluster=dogfood-v2 --tag env=gke --tag is_prebuild=true`

  tags = {
    "is_prebuild" = "true"
  }
}
```

Prebuild workspaces are a special type of workspace owned by the system user `prebuilds`.
The value `data.coder_workspace_owner.me.name` returns the name of the workspace owner, for prebuild workspaces, this value is `"prebuild"`.
Because the condition evaluates based on the workspace owner, provisioning or deprovisioning prebuilds automatically applies the prebuild tag, whereas regular jobs (like workspace creation or template import) do not.

> [!NOTE]
> The prebuild provisioner pool can still accept non-prebuild jobs.
> To achieve a fully isolated setup, add an additional tag (`is_prebuild=false`) to your standard provisioners, ensuring a clean separation between prebuild and non-prebuild workloads.
> See [Provisioner Tags](../../provisioners/index.md#provisioner-tags) for further details.

#### Validation

To confirm that prebuild jobs are correctly routed to the new provisioner pool, use the Provisioner Jobs dashboard or the [`coder provisioner jobs list`](../../../reference/cli/provisioner_jobs_list.md) CLI command to inspect job metadata and tags.
Follow these steps:

1) Publish the new template version.

> 2) Wait for the prebuilds reconciliation loop to run.

Author: What @johnstcn said, the prebuild jobs would remain in a pending state, waiting for a provisioner daemon with matching tags to become available. The reconciliation loop already accounts for pending prebuilds (jobs in the queue) and subtracts them from the desired count, so this wouldn’t impact the loop itself.

The only side effect is that the queue for prebuild-related jobs could continue to grow if new template versions are imported or existing prebuilds are claimed.

Should I add another step here to validate the status of the provisioners from Coder’s perspective, for example, by checking the Provisioners page or running the `coder provisioner list` CLI command?

> 2) Wait for the prebuilds reconciliation loop to run.

Reviewer 2: I think that would be a good idea, but I'll leave the decision up to you.
